you are warming and this is another tuning lesson
and we will overstate the suspension
front loaves you here's my one spotlight i
loaf
Well, I already said on their video why
In short so of course legs very many
know how to do it but still I suddenly
my channel has come there is nothing yet
knows and now let it be on society
how do you look like this we mean
will girl want me now
tell you now I noticed beautifully and so
it means something like this
it turns out and greedy understated so cool
this is what we need for this
well, until I get water as much . lion and so
we need to somehow put the wheels here
as we take a shorter take a tube
bitch bitch weeks fill
what it is not surfaced brand
was lost so take shorter tube from
gel pens and angle it fits like this
remove the wheel
dropping up
I personally think it fits in Sicily I
still prune on drills and now
dress back wheels checked that all
great easy and remove the wheels and take
glue gun thermo glue gun without
I really do not know year Hans end
ends and shorter just
here we can easily see where we are
this is the part where the wheel that's it
brought together her son can clean here
Craig
and glue the straw and we have a saber
stretches to your mount
so that it has to fall, that is, not super
firmly it can be done by cold welding
other glue superglue
than cities any moment
beautiful i also find ugra
so faster the heat goes away from the glue
So we almost froze and
hot here today mount this thing
then you can paint over black
it remains only to insert the daughter work
because the update Snivel
dress up
tires mystery about silence and 2 already five
minutes
were given passes here so overestimated
it all turned out great it ends
of course it was very easy
make to start or any other glue on
anybody there after all dislike to go
cold welding can be good there
plasticine but please do not let
I hate those who let rake
bed hardens and gets dirty dancing
and sticky hands are exchanged because the glue is not higher
on it just again if we want
time to make you think thats hard
it is time to wait
hot glue can also be chosen easily
knife entry experience drafting bake bye
we see that we have such a movie
It turned out I went straight really goat
I'm working now and everyone will
prikolchik what I think to do roof
holes in the roof I will conclude carbon
so soon it happened in general this
once again says that it was very
just make it better for everyone bye